
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/wood_and_wood_packaging_material/list_of_approved_sawmills_kd56c_30minpdf.9262/binary/List of approved sawmills (KD56C 30min).pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/wood_and_wood_packaging_material/list_of_approved_companies_ispm_15pdf.9259/binary/List of approved companies (ISPM 15).pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/wood_and_wood_packaging_material/list_of_approved_companies_ispm15_sltnumber_includedpdf.8394/binary/List_of_approved_companies_ISPM15_SLT-number_included.pdf

http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/plantevernmidler/plantevernimportorerpdf.9266/binary/Plantevernimportorer.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/plantevernmidler/plantevernforhandlerepdf.9265/binary/Plantevernforhandlere.pdf

http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/veterinary_and_zootechnical/1_assembly_centres.12060/binary/1. Assembly centres
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/veterinary_and_zootechnical/4a_bovine_embryo_collection_and_production_teams.9560/binary/4a. Bovine embryo collection and production teams
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/veterinary_and_zootechnical/3b_bovine_semen_storage_centres.9559/binary/3b. Bovine semen storage centres
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/veterinary_and_zootechnical/1b_bovine_species_bodies_officially_recognised_for_the_purpose_of_maintaining_or_establishing_herdbooks.9558/binary/1b. Bovine species bodies officially recognised for the purpose of maintaining or establishing herd-books
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/veterinary_and_zootechnical/1f_equine_species_bodies_approved_or_recognised_for_maintaining_or_establishing_a_herdbock_flock_or_studbook.8405/binary/1f. Equine species bodies approved or recognised for maintaining or establishing a herd-bock flock or studbook
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/veterinary_and_zootechnical/3a_bovine_semen_collection_centres.8406/binary/3a. Bovine semen collection centres
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/veterinary_and_zootechnical/3c_porcine_semen_collection_centres.8407/binary/3c. Porcine semen collection centres
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/veterinary_and_zootechnical/3d_ovine_and_caprine_semen_collection_centres.8408/binary/3d. Ovine and caprine semen collection centres
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/veterinary_and_zootechnical/3f_equine_semen_collection_centres.8409/binary/3f. Equine semen collection centres
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/veterinary_and_zootechnical/7_bodies_institutes_an_centres.8410/binary/7. Bodies institutes an centres

http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/forvarer/approved_and_registered_feed_companiespdf.9258/binary/Approved and registered feed companies.pdf

http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/food_naringsmidler/section_4_wild_game_meatpdf.9273/binary/Section 4 Wild game meat.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/food_naringsmidler/section_9_raw_milk_and_dairy_productspdf.9274/binary/Section 9 Raw milk and dairy products.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/food_naringsmidler/section_3_meat_of_farmed_gamepdf.9272/binary/Section 3 Meat of farmed game.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/food_naringsmidler/section_1_meat_of_domestic_ungulatespdf.9270/binary/Section 1 Meat of domestic ungulates.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/food_naringsmidler/section_2_meat_from_poultry_and_lagomorphspdf.9271/binary/Section 2 Meat from poultry and lagomorphs.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/food_naringsmidler/medisinske_naeringsmidlerpdf.11416/binary/Medisinske_naeringsmidler.pdf

http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/fish_and_fishery_products/liste_over_transportenheter_som_er_godkjent_for_transport_av_levende_akvakulturpdf.11528-231/binary/Liste_over_transportenheter_som_er_godkjent_for_transport_av_levende_akvakultur.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/fish_and_fishery_products/liste_over_fartoy_som_er_godkjent_for_fiske_og_foring_av_levende_fangstpdf.11527-231/binary/Liste_over_fart%C3%B8y_som_er_godkjent_for_fiske_og_f%C3%B8ring_av_levende_fangst.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/fish_and_fishery_products/list_of_vessels_where_crustaceans_are_cooked_on_boardpdf.9264/binary/List of vessels where crustaceans are cooked on board.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/fish_and_fishery_products/list_of_freezer_vesselspdf.9263/binary/List of freezer vessels.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/fish_and_fishery_products/list_of_approved_establishments_for_live_bivalve_molluscspdf.9261/binary/List of approved establishments for live bivalve molluscs.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/fish_and_fishery_products/list_of_approved_establishments_for_fishery_products_and_factory_vesselspdf.9260/binary/List of approved establishments for fishery products and factory vessels.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/fish_and_fishery_products/forklaring_til_aktivitetskoder__virksomhetslister_for_fisk.13325/binary/Forklaring til aktivitetskoder - virksomhetslister for fisk

http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/savareforretninger/registrerte_settepotetforretningerpdf.9269/binary/Registrerte_settepotetforretninger.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/savareforretninger/registrerte_leierenserierpdf.9267/binary/Registrerte_leierenserier.pdf
http://www.mattilsynet.no/om_mattilsynet/godkjente_produkter_og_virksomheter/savareforretninger/registrerte_saavareforretningerpdf.9268/binary/Registrerte_saavareforretninger.pdf